README.md, before:

# relewise-sdk-php [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE) [![Latest Stable Version](http://poser.pugx.org/relewise/client/v)](https://packagist.org/packages/relewise/client) [![PHP Version Require](http://poser.pugx.org/relewise/client/require/php)](https://packagist.org/packages/relewise/client) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/Relewise/relewise-sdk-php/pulls)

## Installation

Install via composer.

```
composer require relewise/client
```

## Contributing

Pull requests are always welcome.  
Please fork this repository and make a PR when you are ready with your contribution.  

Otherwise you are welcome to open an Issue in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/Relewise/relewise-sdk-php/issues).

## License

relewise-sdk-php is licensed under the [MIT license](./LICENSE)

## Local Development

Check [DEVELOPMENT.md](./DEVELOPMENT.md) for details on running this project locally for development.

Commit message:

Updated README with link to Docs for Usage.

README.md, after:

# relewise-sdk-php [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE) [![Latest Stable Version](http://poser.pugx.org/relewise/client/v)](https://packagist.org/packages/relewise/client) [![PHP Version Require](http://poser.pugx.org/relewise/client/require/php)](https://packagist.org/packages/relewise/client) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/Relewise/relewise-sdk-php/pulls)

## Installation

Install via composer.

```
composer require relewise/client
```

## Usage

To see examples of how to use the package [checkout our PHP documentation](https://docs.relewise.com/docs/examples/php/)

## Contributing

Pull requests are always welcome.  
Please fork this repository and make a PR when you are ready with your contribution.  

Otherwise you are welcome to open an Issue in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/Relewise/relewise-sdk-php/issues).

## License

relewise-sdk-php is licensed under the [MIT license](./LICENSE)

## Local Development

Check [DEVELOPMENT.md](./DEVELOPMENT.md) for details on running this project locally for development.
